Let that go. That means tame your mind. Let that go. It's enough, it's enough. We have to think.
That's what Pupos says. And I will say enough.
We've been doing that echo, the gracious teacher from the biggest times. Until now, what we gain?
Echo. Still we are hope and fears. Still we are longing for some good things. Not yet. And worry,
doubt, hesitation and fears.
That is continually raging one after another. All that. That is a result of what we've been doing
with our mental status.
So now we have to change. We should let that go. We let that go. What is arising? The hidden
quality of the nature of the mind.
The true nature of the mind. Love, joy, appreciation, openness, calm, peaceful, confidence. All
those arising.
With that arising, what is in the Buddha's teaching in this case? That is known as taming the mind.
That is taming.
We're not wild. We're not a disturbance to anyone. We're not becoming as like polka-pies. Not polka
-pies. Not shooting.
We live each day. We become so calm, so peaceful and happy, nice and everybody says how beautiful,
how nice it is.
That is the symbol of taming. For those reasons, what is in the Buddha's teaching said. Sign of the
study, sign of who are already kind of knowledgeable with all the Buddha's teaching.
They are so gentle. Sign of knowledge of Buddha's teaching. So gentle and so peaceful, so kind of
common sense or sensible and with full common sense.
That's what the Buddha's teaching said. If you really know, I know the Buddha's teaching, I know
this, I know Hinayana, I know Mahayana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I
know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaid
hyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I
hyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana, I know Vaidhyana. We have so many lists
actually. Many of us.
But what does this really symbol mean? What the teaching says? Calm, peaceful, gentle, body is so
calm, peaceful, nice, speech is calm and peaceful, mind is calm and peaceful, that is really the
sign of the teaching absorbed in the heart, not on the record, on the books or in the brain.
That is the sign, sign of that. And then in the teaching, if you are really a sign of the
meditation, of the teaching, meditation, less emotions, less emotions, that means negative emotions
as we all know, name, ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, arrogance, those are known as negative
emotions.
Less those, or even there is, even is coming out handled so nicely, it didn't disturbance to one's
own self, it didn't disturb to the others, instantly liberate you taking care of that, you take
that and let it go.
That is known as solid symbol of the sign of the meditations, sign of the symbol of the practices.
So those are, and then if that happens, what is it called, tame your mind, or when you tame the
mind, then you really, or then we are really absorbed in the Buddha teaching.
That is my teaching, is it? Teaching is of course, we call this teaching, it's true, these books
are teaching, but really teaching is in your heart, or in our heart, in our mind.
Have you ever to keep, are we ever to keep that? Then we are the holder of the teaching, holder of
the teaching.
Holder of the teaching is not just one selected group, one person, or something, can't be like
figure, the teacher, I'm sure they hold teacher too, teachers hold too.
But we all, we all the Sangha members are known as holder of the teachers, teachings, that's what
it means.
When you keep that, when you have that realization, we are holding, we are maintaining, we are
keeping the teaching.
Teaching is not something that we are making favor to the Buddha, or kind of trying to please the
Buddha, but teaching is our nature.
We connect to our own nature, our own true qualities, we are activating, we glorify, and we have
some degree, help to the other, or that effort to the other, other, and that is like win, win
situation, or kind of, oh, we are waiting.
Then we really, that is practitioner, that is jochen practitioner, that is Murubhema, some of the
followers.
That is follower of the great master, His Holiness Duryamurji, and that is follower of the great
master, Kati Vardisharaj too.
And then all the other great master, that's what we do.
So those are really, just kind of thought, you know, talk a little bit about as, part of this, kind
of, again, we always need to each other.
We are actually Sangha members, we are like going in one boat, together and practicing in the
teaching of the Buddha.
Dharma, according to our best capabilities, and Sangha members, one of the very qualities and
importance of Sangha members, is always in the city, helping to each other, reminding to each other
, inspiring to each other, learn from each other, and move forward.
So in those contexts, in those levels, yes, I say those three words.